Okay, so this is going to be my first example that I run through this pipeline here. So my goal with this website and with this process is to make a pipeline that is so easy to get content out that I have no excuse. And I often sit down to write posts, to write ideas, to recap past work that I've done, etc. But I get intimidated by a blank page. But I can talk forever. So I was thinking that if I could build a pipeline using OpenAI's brilliant new tools where I can just input an audio file that I generate talking about some particular thing and then output a rough draft of a blog post, then that would be pretty fucking sweet. And so I have my OpenAI API set up. I'm just going to put this audio file through Whisper to get a transcription and then I take that transcription and I send it to GPT-4 or 3.5 with smart prompting so that it just outputs a rough draft of a blog post for me that I can then iterate and turn into something that is kind of more authentically me. And yeah, so that's the plan. I'm hoping that if I do that, I'll be able to generate content really quickly. A couple ideas that I have are to go through all the books that I've read and that I have gotten so much insight from and just literally flip through them with the voice memos app on my iPhone open and talk about everything that I had underlined and read and then put it all into audio and then let GPT-4 make sense of it and give me a good starting point for a blog post and spit it out from there. And then also I need to generate a portfolio, the big driving factor behind this. So I'm hoping to talk about my past work, explain my process, explain the problems, my approaches and the outcomes that came from that. So those are going to be the two things, but really just getting to a situation where anytime I'm in a car, I can just ramble and then out of that rambling comes like a good starting point for a blog post that I can then publish to a website. That is pretty exciting to me. So this is going to be the first file that I put through to see how good of an output I get. I'm also obviously need to test to compare the performance of the different models at my disposal. I'm not trying to spend infinite money, but it does seem like I'm going to get significantly better performance from GPT-4 than from 3.5, which is not surprising. So maybe I'm going to end up having to pay some money, but that's okay. This should be good for a starting point, a three and a half minute message. Let's see what it turns out.